Inorsa is a tech company taking the engineering world by storm by offering automation and management tools this market has never seen before to help our clients build communication infrastructure better, safer, and faster. We are a small team and therefore the day to day responsibilities can be wide ranging depending on the needs of the company. Given this, collaboration and communication skills are key.


We are looking for a Backend Engineer that also has experience in automation. We are creating an enterprise web application that will be the central hub for infrastructure engineering and also host the communication between clients. We are looking for another member of the team to help in the process of implementation from an established design. The work will focus on backend work for our web portal and internal applications as well as making automation tools for engineers. Ideally we are looking for someone with experience with Typescript, Next.js, and relational databases (PostgreSQL specifically). However, anybody with experience in a similar stack that is willing to learn in a fast paced environment is welcome to apply.


In addition to the web application, the cutting edge technology Inorsa is pioneering is the complete automation of creating infrastructure related output based on inputs from clients. We are also looking for someone who is able to assist in this project so having experience in programmatic generation/manipulation of PDF/DXF documents using Python is ideal. However, anybody with 2+ years of work experience with Python is welcome to apply.


Responsibilities:

Collaborate with engineers, product managers, and designers to build out a web application
Understand the user and be able to put yourself in their shoes to evolve the product
Continually improve the technology stack and process to keep us using relevant technologies
Research and develop parts of the automation flow for generation of structural drawings under mentorship if needed

We are looking for:

Motivated individuals who can think as a user after taking the time to understand them
Someone who feels a strong sense of ownership for their work and product to continually want to improve it over time
Opportunistic thinkers who can prioritize a good opportunity when they show up and communicate that to management rather than strictly following the plans at all times
Technically flexible when given a problem so can work across many different tech stacks as our needs evolve over time as we grow
Someone who can work on their own when needed and communicate progress efficiently

Requirements:

BS or MS in Computer Science or a related field
2+ years of work experience in the following technologies:Typescript, Next.js (or similar frameworks), PostgreSQL (or other SQL relational databases), Python
Experience in automation with Python specifically in generating PDF/DXF files is a big plus
Experience with AWS is a big plus
Excellent communication and collaboration skills

Perks & Benefits:

Excellent Healthcare + Dental + Vision benefits
Unlimited PTO
Few meetings for engineers + No meeting days for focus time
Flexible work from home policy
Flexible working hours (We only care that things are getting done on schedule)
Modern technology stack
An exceptional, high performing team you will be excited to work with
Your compensation will include meaningful equity ownership.

Featured benefits
Medical insurance
Vision insurance
Dental insurance
